DOCSP-20095: Document Realm.App.deleteUser() method for JS SDKs (#1664)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/node/examples/create-delete-users.txt

.. _node-create-and-delete-users:

==================================
Create and Delete Users - Node SDK
==================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. _node-create-user:

Create a User
-------------

For most :ref:`authentication methods <authentication-providers>`, Realm 
automatically creates a :ref:`user object <user-objects>` the first time 
a user authenticates. The only exception is email/password authentication. 
When you use email/password authentication, you must :ref:`register 
<node-register-new-user>` and :ref:`confirm 
<node-complete-confirmation>` a user before the user can 
authenticate to a Realm application.

.. _node-delete-user:

Delete a User
-------------

.. versionadded:: 10.13.0

> Call your {+app+}'s ``.deleteUser()`` method on a user object to delete 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call :js-sdk:`App.deleteUser() <Realm.App.html#deleteUser>` on a user object to delete 
```

Let's link out to the API reference for method names in usage examples

Author: you right. will add here and for RN page.

> the user from your Realm application.

Reviewer: Can we make it a little bit more explicit that this permanently deletes the user object on the server as opposed to `removeUser()` which just deletes their local data? Might wanna port back to Dachary's PR too.

Author: yea good point. will add. @dacharyc fyi

Author: implemented [dachary's change](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-realm/pull/1568/commits/77b2a3d28fde3597bbab0fda6d56583db43e310c) on all new pages

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/node/authenticate.codeblock.delete-user.js
   :language: javascript

.. important:: Deleting All User Data

   Deleting a user only deletes the user object, which may contain associated 
   metadata from the associated auth provider. This does not delete :ref:`custom 
   user data <node-access-custom-user-data>` or user-entered data from your 
   application. 
   
   Apple :apple:`requires that you disclose data retention 
   and deletion policies <app-store/review/guidelines/#5.1.1>` to your 
   application customers and give them a way to request user data deletion.
   If you collect additional user data, you must implement your own methods 

>    or processes to delete that data.

Reviewer: We could probably omit this paragraph - as a node dev I don't really care about Apple's policies

Author: good point. relevant for RN but not node

<node-complete-confirmation>` a user before the user can 
authenticate to a Realm application.

.. _node-delete-user:

Delete a User
-------------

.. versionadded:: 10.13.0

Call the :js-sdk:`App.deleteUser() <Realm.App.html#deleteUser>` on a user object to delete 
the user's account from your Realm application. This deletes the account from
the server in addition to clearing local data.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/node/authenticate.codeblock.delete-user.js
   :language: javascript

To use your app in the future, the user must sign up for a new account. 
They can use the same credentials (depending on the authentication provider),
but will not have the same User ID as their deleted account.

.. important:: Deleting All User Data

   Deleting a user only deletes the :ref:`user object <user-objects>`, 
   which may contain associated metadata from the associated auth provider. 
   This does not delete :ref:`custom user data <node-access-custom-user-data>`
   or other user data that your app stores in a linked collection or external services.

   Use the :ref:`Authentication Trigger DELETE event <authentication-event-operation-types>`

>    to programmatically perform clean up when you delete a user, like remove custom user data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to programmatically clean up other data when you delete a user. For example, you can delete the user's data from your custom user data collection or another service.
```

Small nitpick - I think two sentences reads better than one here
